README.md, before:

![LibraryBuild](https://github.com/ElectronicCats/CayenneLPP/workflows/LibraryBuild/badge.svg?branch=master)

# CayenneLPP

This is an Arduino Library for Arduino Compatible with Cayenne Low Power Payload with Extended Data Types.

## Introduction

CayenneLPP is a format designed by [myDevices](https://mydevices.com) to integrate LoRaWan nodes into their [IoT Platform](https://mydevices.com/capabilities). It is used to send sensor data in a packed way to [The Things Network platform](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org). You can read more on [myDevices CayenneLPP](https://docs.mydevices.com/docs/lorawan/cayenne-lpp)

## Description

CayenneLPP format is a quite well-optimized way to send sensor data over low bit rate connection, like LoRa. You may find, probably, a better way for your specific project but CayenneLPP is a standardized and proven format that packs data in a sufficient way. It implements basic sensor types specified by [OMA SpecWorks](https://www.omaspecworks.org), formerly IPSO Alliance.

It supports multichannel data, which means that you can use it on multisensor devices.

#### ⚠ Warning ⚠
This version of the library includes several IPSO data types not included in the original work by [Johan Stokking](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-device-lib) or most of the forks and side works by other people, **these additional data types are not supported by myDevices Cayenne**. In addition, it includes a fully backward-compatible decoder in JavaScript, suitable for implementations with NodeRED or TTN, for instance. 

## Dependencies

When using the decoder, you must install the [ArduinoJson 6.X](https://arduinojson.org/) library. You can find it in both the Arduino IDE and PlatformIO library managers.

## API

See [API.md](API.md).

## References

* [Cayenne Low Power Payload](https://mydevices.com/cayenne/docs/#lora-cayenne-low-power-payload)
* [IPSO data types](http://openmobilealliance.org/wp/OMNA/LwM2M/LwM2MRegistry.html#extlabel)

### Maintainer

Electronic Cats invests time and resources in providing this open-source design design, please support Electronic Cats and open-source hardware by purchasing products from Electronic Cats!

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/ElectronicCats">
  <img src="https://electroniccats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Badge_GHS.png" height="104" />
</a>

## License

Based in the work of [Johan Stokking](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-device-lib).

The MIT License (MIT)

Commit message:

Update Readme and add wiki links
Signed-off-by: Carlos Alatorre <carlosalat01@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# CayenneLPP _by Electronic Cats_ - Library for Arduino

![LibraryBuild](https://github.com/ElectronicCats/CayenneLPP/workflows/LibraryBuild/badge.svg?branch=master)

This is an Arduino Library for Arduino Compatible with Cayenne Low Power Payload with Extended Data Types.

CayenneLPP is a format designed by [myDevices](https://mydevices.com) to integrate LoRaWan nodes into their [IoT Platform](https://mydevices.com/capabilities). It is used to send sensor data in a packed way to [The Things Network platform](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org). You can read more on [myDevices CayenneLPP](https://docs.mydevices.com/docs/lorawan/cayenne-lpp)

## Description

CayenneLPP format is a quite well-optimized way to send sensor data over low bit rate connection, like LoRa. You may find, probably, a better way for your specific project but CayenneLPP is a standardized and proven format that packs data in a sufficient way. It implements basic sensor types specified by [OMA SpecWorks](https://www.omaspecworks.org), formerly IPSO Alliance.

It supports multichannel data, which means that you can use it on multisensor devices.

> ⚠ Warning ⚠
This version of the library includes several IPSO data types not included in the original work by [Johan Stokking](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-device-lib) or most of the forks and side works by other people, **these additional data types are not supported by myDevices Cayenne**. In addition, it includes a fully backward-compatible decoder in JavaScript, suitable for implementations with NodeRED or TTN, for instance. 

##  Wiki and Getting Started
For more information please visit: [**Getting Started in our Wiki**](https://github.com/ElectronicCats/CayenneLPP/wiki)

When using the decoder, you must install the [ArduinoJson 6.X](https://arduinojson.org/) library. You can find it in both the Arduino IDE and PlatformIO library managers.

## References

* [Cayenne Low Power Payload](https://mydevices.com/cayenne/docs/#lora-cayenne-low-power-payload)
* [IPSO data types](http://openmobilealliance.org/wp/OMNA/LwM2M/LwM2MRegistry.html#extlabel)

### Maintainer

Electronic Cats invests time and resources in providing this open-source design design, please support Electronic Cats and open-source hardware by purchasing products from Electronic Cats!

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/ElectronicCats">
  <img src="https://electroniccats.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Badge_GHS.png" height="104" />
</a>

## License

Based on the work of [Johan Stokking](https://github.com/TheThingsNetwork/arduino-device-lib).

The MIT License (MIT)
